per tenant gate for structured metadata feature (#10402)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/send-data/promtail/stages/non_indexed_labels.md

# non_indexed_labels

{{% admonition type="warning" %}}

> Non-indexed labels is an experimental feature and is subject to change in future releases of Grafana Loki. 

Reviewer: please pull the main, I have renamed this file

Reviewer 2: Done

{{% /admonition %}}

The labels stage is an action stage that takes data from the extracted map and
modifies the [non-indexed labels]({{< relref "../../../get-started/labels/non-indexed-labels" >}}) set that is sent to Loki with the log entry.

{{% admonition type="warning" %}}

> Non-indexed labels will be rejected by loki unless the `structured_metadata` per tenant configuration (in the `limits_config`) is enabled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Non-indexed labels will be rejected by Loki unless you enable the `structured_metadata` per tenant configuration (in the `limits_config`).
```
